this is a 2001 Gibson es 175 it's
freaking beautiful n this is one that I
am struggling with if I want to sell it
or not I have two of these ones a 78 and
sunburst this water just it's just
gorgeous and the action so that's the
whole thing is it it plays just so great
you can see 12th fret mean it's just
nice has tens on it so here's the thing
is that it's pretty much unplayed
because it just sits in the case in my
room so should probably go to some
someone that's going to play it
looks like that's not a ding that's
that's a knot in the wood Sam with here
that's a knot in the wood the finish
kinda oh you can see how lacquer goes on
there just gorgeous though mahogany neck
so anyways yeah I'm struggling with it
but wanna sell it or not I really don't
let struggled with that it's just and
that is gorgeous gorgeous wood and so
anyways
it's nice good all right so thanks for
checking it out